README.md, before:

# IffyFishies
### This is a project contribution in support of #TeamSeas.  

## Description
IffyFishies is my contribution to the #TeamSeas campaign by Mark Rober and Mr.Beast. In this project, I code 30 million randomly generated fish for the 30 million dollar goal of the campaign. 

## Installation
1. Download the latest release [here]
2. Unzip the file with [7zip] or your program of choice
3. Launch `iffyfishies.exe`

[here]: https://github.com/wchung42/iffy_fishies/releases
[7zip]: https://www.7-zip.org/

## Notes on usage
* **_Note_: All images default to a transparent background unless the background color is changed.**
* Image mode
  * Generates individual fish images that are 1000px by 1000px.
  * `Save original` will save the image with no transformations.
  * `Save transformed` will save the image after rotation and flip (_if applicable_).
  * `Save resized` will save the image after rotation, flip, resize (_if applicable_).
  * _Note: transformations are all randomized_
* Collage mode
  * `Create collage` with no input entry will create a collage of `50` random fish with random transformations, placed randomly on the image.
  * `Add fish` will add the specified number of fish. Adds `no input` or `0` is given.
* Live mode
  * Fish are generated every `30 seconds` and based on recent new donations. Size of fish are determined by the donation amount.
  * Images are automatically saved every `30 seconds`.
  * Images are saved to the `images` directory in the `iffyfishies` directory.
  * Requires an internet connection, otherwise the program raises a connection error.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with links and final notes

README.md, after:

# IffyFishies
### This is a project contribution in support of #TeamSeas.  

## Description
IffyFishies is my contribution to the #TeamSeas campaign by Mark Rober and Mr.Beast. In this project, I code 30 million randomly generated fish for the 30 million dollar goal of the campaign.

## About TeamSeas
TeamSeas is a fundraising campaign by Mark Rober and Mr.Beast with the goal to raise 30 million dollars in order to remove 30 million pounds of trash from the Earth's waters. Please check out the campaign at [teamseas.org].

## Installation
1. Download the latest release [here]
2. Unzip the file with [7zip] or your program of choice
3. Launch `iffyfishies.exe`

## Notes on usage
* **_Note_: All images default to a transparent background unless the background color is changed.**
* Image mode
  * Generates individual fish images that are 1000px by 1000px.
  * `Save original` will save the image with no transformations.
  * `Save transformed` will save the image after rotation and flip (_if applicable_).
  * `Save resized` will save the image after rotation, flip, resize (_if applicable_).
  * _Note: transformations are all randomized_
* Collage mode
  * `Create collage` with no input entry will create a collage of `50` random fish with random transformations, placed randomly on the image.
  * `Add fish` will add the specified number of fish. Adds `no input` or `0` is given.
* Live mode
  * Fish are generated every `30 seconds` and based on recent new donations. Size of fish are determined by the donation amount.
  * Images are automatically saved every `30 seconds`.
  * Images are saved to the `images` directory in the `iffyfishies` directory.
  * Requires an internet connection, otherwise the program raises a connection error.

## Final Notes
If you find a bug, please open an issue or contact me at [willchung42@gmail.com].

[here]: https://github.com/wchung42/iffy_fishies/releases
[7zip]: https://www.7-zip.org/
[teamseas.org]: https://teamseas.org
[willchung42@gmail.com]: mailto:willchung42@gmai.com?subject[GitHub]
